Okay,
guys,
let's polish this section off.
Now.
What we're gonna do,
as you see in all the best databases,
is you're gonna have this little section here that tells you the number of records returned
out of how many records you have in total.
And then we looked at this before we did text manipulation in section one.
And this is going to be pretty much the same thing,
but we're going to use a couple of different functions.
We're still gonna use that.
Can Katyn eight to build the string.
But we're going to use the count a function on the Kent if function.
So we're very quickly.
Let's just nip over to the HR file and let's have a look at how they work.
So the counts a function can't a all The counter you function does is camp the number of
cells with a value in them.
So if I highlight the first column,
remember,
this goes down to 200 count A when I close enough is going to return the value off 201
because we have 200 records of data on beheading.
So to modify the count A to get to the correct count off records were going to do count a
common BB in Do any column as long as it's a single column and hit minus one and they go.
Now we can see that we have 200 records,
plus our headings at the top.
So that's how the count eight works on the way.
Ken's If Works is equals cans,
if open brackets the range and we're going to click the same one again for consistency.
Comma one Didn't Do Here is just tight with public a corner comma.
So no,
well,
it's going to do is look for the value Connor in column B B.
And when we hit Enter,
we'll get the answer of three.
And that means that Connor appears three times in our database.
If we wanted to test that,
we could issues the filter.
Come on,
on they go.
There are the three Connors.
So these are the two things were going to use and build into our concatenation to enter the
records returned on the number of records.
So the first thing we're gonna do we'll write our count if function so equals Kim's.
If open rackets,
the range is going to be the HR file.
And it's the first name because it's the first name we're checking for.
Comma on the criteria is going to be this just here what we're looking for.
I'm just gonna close the rackets.
So there we get an answer off three,
which is born out by the data.
We've returned here,
so that's the first part of our formula There will wrap our concatenation around it.
So calm cats and Nate open rackets so that we get get ruler Now we're gonna can Katyn 83
coma.
Then we're gonna hit quotes,
space we can either it slash or off whatever we want to do.
Let's let's say off off space,
closed quotes Let's just have a look at what that looks like so that we get three off.
We just need to add the last part of our formula calmer.
And there we want account,
I open rackets.
We're gonna point to our HR file,
select column B again and close brackets and close brackets again and his enter.
And there we get three of 201 but you'll remember we have headings in our data.
So there were just gonna hit minus one hit.
Enter on.
Now we can see record returned.
Three off 200.
We could have the word returned after if we wanted to.
Eso Lex just central line that make it bold.
In fact,
let's make it a different color.
Because where Really happy that we've been able to do that.
So they go records returned three out of 200.
So if we typed who we got in there?
We've got Lily.
Let's type Millie.
And here center.
We now have records returned two out of 204 milli on.
If we typed Harry,
we would get three outs of 200.
So they go that makes this database look every bit as funky as a normal,
fully fledged database that you may work with.
Okay.
I'll see you in the next lecture.